[New] Add vector tiled layer from custom style (#529)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-swift-samples: Shared/Samples/Add vector tiled layer from custom style/README.md

# Add vector tiled layer from custom style

Load an ArcGIS vector tiled layers using custom styles.

![Screenshot of Add vector tiled layer from custom style sample](add-vector-tiled-layer-from-custom-style-1.png)

> ![Screenshot of Add vector tiled layer from custom style sample](add-vector-tiled-layer-from-custom-style-2.png)

Reviewer: These images both have the same description. Consider differentiating them.

## Use case

Vector tile basemaps can be created in ArcGIS Pro and published as offline packages or online services. You can create a custom style tailored to your needs and easily apply them to your map. `ArcGISVectorTiledLayer` has many advantages over traditional raster based basemaps (`ArcGISTiledLayer`), including smooth scaling between different screen DPIs, smaller package sizes, and the ability to rotate symbols and labels dynamically.

## How to use the sample

Pan and zoom to explore the vector tile basemap. Select a theme to see it applied to the vector tile basemap.

## How it works

> 1. Construct an `ArcGISVectorTiledLayer` with the URL of a custom style from AcrGIS Online.
> 2. Alternatively, construct an `ArcGISVectorTiledLayer` by taking a portal item offline and apply it to an offline vector tile package:
>     i. Create a `PortalItem` using the URL of a custom style.  
>     ii. Create an `ExportVectorTilesTask` using the portal item.  
>     iii. Get the `ExportVectorTilesJob` using `ExportVectorTilesTask.makeExportStyleResourceCacheJob(itemResourceCacheURL:)`.  
>     iv. Start the job using  `ExportVectorTilesJob.start()`.  
>     v. Construct an `VectorTileCache` using the path of the local vector tile package.  
>     vi. Once the job is complete, construct an `ArcGISVectorTiledLayer` using the vector tile cache and the `ItemResourceCache` from the job's result.  
> 3. Create an `Basemap` from the `ArcGISVectorTiledLayer`.
> 4. Assign the basemap to the map's `basemap`.

Reviewer: Swift doesn't have constructors.

```suggestion
1. Create an `ArcGISVectorTiledLayer` with the URL of a custom style from AcrGIS Online.
2. Alternatively, create an `ArcGISVectorTiledLayer` by taking a portal item offline and applying it to an offline vector tile package:
    i. Create a `PortalItem` using the URL of a custom style.  
    ii. Create an `ExportVectorTilesTask` using the portal item.  
    iii. Get the `ExportVectorTilesJob` using `ExportVectorTilesTask.makeExportStyleResourceCacheJob(itemResourceCacheURL:)`.  
    iv. Start the job using  `Job.start()`.  
    v. Create a `VectorTileCache` using the path of the local vector tile package.  
    vi. Once the job is complete, create an `ArcGISVectorTiledLayer` using the vector tile cache and the `ItemResourceCache` from the job's result.  
3. Create a `Basemap` from the `ArcGISVectorTiledLayer`.
4. Assign the basemap to the map's `basemap`.
```
